feat(style guide): Observability vs Monitoring (#15428)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/style-guide/word-choice/usage-dictionary.mdx

  </Collapser>

<Collapser
    id="observability-monitoring"
    title="observability vs. monitoring"
  >

>     Don't use `monitoring` and `observability` interchangeably. Monitoring is a subset of observability. While they're both data-driven, they differ in the questions users can answer with the data they produce.
> 
>     Monitoring relies on metrics and produces aggregate measurements. It describes populations and helps users detect broad symptoms and changes in behavior. Has something changed? What direction is it trending in?
> 
>     Observability relies on discrete events that carry a lot of detail (context) about the event. It helps users take the questions to the next logical level. What actually changed? What and who was impacted? Where did it come from? Observability helps users characterize behavior at granular levels and narrow down a problem they didn't previously anticipate.
> 
>     It’s not an either/or. They're both necessary to troubleshoot a problem quickly. New Relic is an observability platform that includes multiple types of monitoring capabilities, such as infrastructure monitoring, application performance monitoring, network monitoring, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t use `monitoring` and `observability` interchangeably.

We describe New Relic as an observability platform that includes multiple types of monitoring tools. You can see this in many of our capability names: application performance monitoring, infrastructure monitoring, network monitoring, and so on.

In general, use observability to describe the New Relic platform and the health of a system holistically based on different types of data. Use monitoring when you’re describing specific capabilities and the data from those capabilities.

This is a guideline, not a rule. The most important thing is that you use these terms thoughtfully.
```
